##Autonomous Demand Side Management on Game Theoretic Energy Consumption
Scheduling for the Future Smart Grid

Demand side management are programs implemented by the utility companies to
control and influence the user-side behavior. For example, electrical companies
often fluctuate the energy price depending on the user's demand.

There is need to encourage household owners to *shift* high demand energy
consumptions outside the peak hours, in order to reduce the peak-to-average
(PAR) in load demand.
[ - we aim towards shift schedule different machines in depending on the PAR] 

Direct load control (DLC) gives the utility companies the possibility to
remotely control the household's applications (dim or turn of lights, turn of
thermal equipment, amongst others). Though, this model arises some problems
related with household's privacy
[ - see more  “A direct load control model for virtual power plant management”
  - what if DLC would be implemented for servers and in a heterogeneous scheduling 
scenario? Would it bing any advantage or liability ?]

An alternative to DLC is smart pricing, where users are encouraged to
voluntarily and individually shift their loads out of the peak-hours be
increasing the energy prices when the load is big.

One problem with this approach is synchronization: when a large number of users
shift their peak at the same time for a low-peak time, the PAR may not be
reduced due to the amount of users churning energy at low-peak time.
[ - this might happen as well with our scheduling strategy. If the amount of
users running our scheduling system at the same time is the same, it does not
help to reduce the PAR and the prices might get worst]

The paper suggests that households should synchronize their energy usage and
schedule their energy applications not only according to the price of the energy
at a given time, but also taking into consideration what others are consuming as
well. Thus, by acting in synchronization, the group of users can optimize the
energy the overall energy consumption and its pricing. 

They propose an incentive-based energy consumption pricing model for the smart
grid, where the energy source is shared by several users. The meters communicate
between each other in a distributed network to find the optimal energy
consumption for each user.

Based on game theory, it is shown that through an incentive-based pricing
scheme, an optimal scheduling - where users consume less energy and pay less
money - can be achieved.
